---
layout: default
title: Brendan Clune - Home
---

##Test Content##

On we went up the broad street, but now we were safe for the very numbers of
our enemies that surrounded us on all sides. Fortunately, there was a great
concourse of Mahars repairing to the shallow lake which lies a mile or more
from the city. They go there to indulge their amphibian proclivities in diving
for small fish, and enjoying the cool depths of the water. It is a fresh-water
lake, shallow, and free from the larger reptiles which make the use of the
great seas of Pellucidar impossible for any but their own kind.

In the thick of the crowd we passed up the steps and out onto the plain. For
some distance Ghak remained with the stream that was traveling toward the lake,
but finally, at the bottom of a little gully he halted, and there we remained
until all had passed and we were alone. Then, still in our disguises, we set
off directly away from Phutra.

The heat of the vertical rays of the sun was fast making our horrible prisons
unbearable, so that after passing a low divide, and entering a sheltering
forest, we finally discarded the Mahar skins that had brought us thus far in
safety.

I shall not weary you with the details of that bitter and galling flight. How
we traveled at a dogged run until we dropped in our tracks. How we were beset
by strange and terrible beasts. How we barely escaped the cruel fangs of lions
and tigers the size of which would dwarf into pitiful insignificance the
greatest felines of the outer world.

On and on we raced, our one thought to put as much distance between ourselves
and Phutra as possible. Ghak was leading us to his own landâ€”the land of Sari.
No sign of pursuit had developed, and yet we were sure that somewhere behind us
relentless Sagoths were dogging our tracks. Ghak said they never failed to hunt
down their quarry until they had captured it or themselves been turned back by
a superior force.

Our only hope, he said, lay in reaching his tribe which was quite strong enough
in their mountain fastness to beat off any number of Sagoths.
